C# for reading data from a Google document from a given URL using C# Code and creating a secret design by using the given coordinates (x and y) and a character for the coordinates (x and y).

URL is 
https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/d/e/2PACX-1vTMOmshQe8YvaRXi6gEPKKlsC6UpFJSMAk4mQjLm_u1gmHdVVTaeh7nBNFBRlui0sTZ-snGwZM4DBCT/pub?pli=1


Problem:

You are given a Google Doc like this one that contains a list of Unicode characters and their positions in a 2D grid. Your task is to write a function that takes in the URL for such a Google Doc as an argument, retrieves and parses the data in the document, and prints the grid of characters. When printed in a fixed-width font, the characters in the grid will form a graphic showing a sequence of uppercase letters, which is the secret message.

The document specifies the Unicode characters in the grid, along with the x- and y-coordinates of each character.
The minimum possible value of these coordinates is 0. There is no maximum possible value, so the grid can be arbitrarily large.
Any positions in the grid that do not have a specified character should be filled with a space character.
You can assume the document will always have the same format as the example document linked above.
For example, the simplified example document linked above draws out the letter 'F':


Function to Retrieve and Print Unicode Character Grid
To achieve the task of retrieving and printing a grid of Unicode characters from a Google Doc, you can follow the steps outlined below. This function will parse the data and display the characters in a grid format.

Steps to Implement the Function
1. Retrieve the Document: Use an API or library to access the Google Doc content.
2. Parse the Data: Extract the Unicode characters and their respective coordinates.
3. Construct the Grid: Create a 2D grid based on the maximum coordinates found.
4. Fill the Grid: Place the characters in their respective positions and fill empty spaces with a space character.
5. Print the Grid: Output the grid in a fixed-width format.
